readme.md, before:

# Instrumental Shop

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v18.2.0-blue.svg)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-v3.2.2-blue.svg)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-v14.16.1-green.svg)
![Mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongoose-v6.5.4-green.svg)

Instrumental Shop is an ecommerce platform for selling musical gears and instruments, mainly drums, pianos, and guitars. The website is built with the MERN stack and Tailwind CSS, and is designed to provide an easy and intuitive shopping experience for customers.

![Instrumental Shop](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112659075/230420029-06b3534b-11f1-420a-9286-de4346d9083f.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

Instrumental Shop offers the following features:

- User registration and authentication
- Product listing and searching
- Product detail pages with images, descriptions and features
- Shopping cart management
- Checkout process with secure payment integration (uses Stripe)
- Admin panel for managing products, orders, and customers
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop devices

![Product Detail](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112659075/230420168-4da7b37d-6546-44f3-b2e3-f1ea51de8e26.png)

![Orders Management](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112659075/230420520-4e4b59d7-a17e-44fc-bef8-692b2b45f8ce.png)

## Getting Started

To run Instrumental Shop on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/mehdiaitouchrif/instrumental-shop.git`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following environment variables:
   NODE_ENV=development
   PORT=5000
   MONGODB_URI=<your mongodb uri>
   JWT_SECRET=<your jwt secret>
   JWT_EXPIRE=30d
   STRIPE_PRIVATE_KEY=<your stripe secret key>
   CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME = <your cloudinary credentials>
   CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=<your cloudinary credentials>
   CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=<your cloudinary credentials>
   SMTP_HOST=
   SMTP_PORT=2525
   SMTP_USER=
   SMTP_PASSWORD=
   FROM_EMAIL=noreply@instrumental.shop
   FROM_NAME=Instrumental Shop
   CLIENT_URL=http://localhost:3000
4. Run the development server: `npm run dev`
   Run the frontend: `cd frontend && npm start`
5. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:3000`

## Contributing

Contributions to Instrumental Shop are welcome! To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/my-feature`
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/my-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

## License

Instrumental Shop is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Add test account details to README.md

readme.md, after:

# Instrumental Shop

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v18.2.0-blue.svg)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-v3.2.2-blue.svg)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-v14.16.1-green.svg)
![Mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongoose-v6.5.4-green.svg)

Instrumental Shop is an ecommerce platform for selling musical gears and instruments, mainly drums, pianos, and guitars. The website is built with the MERN stack and Tailwind CSS, and is designed to provide an easy and intuitive shopping experience for customers.

![Instrumental Shop](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112659075/230420029-06b3534b-11f1-420a-9286-de4346d9083f.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

Instrumental Shop offers the following features:

- User registration and authentication
- Product listing and searching
- Product detail pages with images, descriptions and features
- Shopping cart management
- Checkout process with secure payment integration (uses Stripe)
- Admin panel for managing products, orders, and customers
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop devices

![Product Detail](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112659075/230420168-4da7b37d-6546-44f3-b2e3-f1ea51de8e26.png)

![Orders Management](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112659075/230420520-4e4b59d7-a17e-44fc-bef8-692b2b45f8ce.png)

## Getting Started

To run Instrumental Shop on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/mehdiaitouchrif/instrumental-shop.git`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following environment variables:
   NODE_ENV=development
   PORT=5000
   MONGODB_URI=<your mongodb uri>
   JWT_SECRET=<your jwt secret>
   JWT_EXPIRE=30d
   STRIPE_PRIVATE_KEY=<your stripe secret key>
   CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME = <your cloudinary credentials>
   CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=<your cloudinary credentials>
   CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=<your cloudinary credentials>
   SMTP_HOST=
   SMTP_PORT=2525
   SMTP_USER=
   SMTP_PASSWORD=
   FROM_EMAIL=noreply@instrumental.shop
   FROM_NAME=Instrumental Shop
   CLIENT_URL=http://localhost:3000
4. Run the development server: `npm run dev`
   Run the frontend: `cd frontend && npm start`
5. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:3000`

## Test Accounts

You can use the following test accounts to try out the features of Instrumental Shop:

### User Account

- Email: `sarah@example.com`
- Password: `123456`

### Admin Account

- Email: `mehdi@instrumental.com`
- Password: `123456`

## Contributing

Contributions to Instrumental Shop are welcome! To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/my-feature`
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/my-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

## License

Instrumental Shop is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
